Part 1

I used to believe in an afterlife, or like think about one.  I kind of thought real life was temporary, like a trip to the beach.  

Hey, do you want to get hot dogs?  I haven’t had a hot dog in a long time.

Anyway, my parents were avowed atheists, so believing in the afterlife was kind of like my little secret.

My best friend went to church, he showed me depictions of heaven and hell in his illustrated bible.  He told me basically everyone is a sinner, which made sense.

My idea of the afterlife was not like that though, it was more like there was no space, no time, so like, without time, you wouldn’t have to sleep or get hungry or whatever.

I could never sleep when I was younger.  I just would watch the moon from my window during the summer months and during the winter months I would just watch the stars and black sky.

It’s so weird eating a hot dog, it happens so fast it’s like it didn’t happen at all.  Like I don’t even remember what it tasted like.

In the afterlife they’re probably not like eating hot dogs all the time.  Well, I don’t know, maybe they are.

* But if time’s not moving you wouldn’t get hungry.  You wouldn’t eat a hot dog and then just forget about it.

When I was in fourth grade I ate a hot dog for lunch every single day.  On the last day of fourth grade my parents picked me up together, they were taking me out as like a reward for passing fourth grade.

My mother asked if I wanted to get a hot dog, because I had told her it was my favorite food.  I was so sick of hot dogs, I announced, “I’ll never eat a hot dog again!”

Doesn’t eating a hot dog feel like a sin?  I guess most things feel like sins.  But there’s no way its good, you know?  If they’re eating hot dogs somewhere it’s in hell.  

It’s so easy to do, you do it without thinking, without thinking about pigs getting all fucked up and all the other terrible shit that makes a hot dog cost a dollar or whatever.  

It has to be a sin.  I think if you believe in heaven and hell, you know there’s probably really just hell.

Part 2

After the fourth grade my family moved to the suburbs twenty minutes away from the house where I had grown up, where my best friend had lived next door, the friend who went to church, on the other side of a brick wall.  My parents told us about the move together and we both cried.

My best friend came to visit on a Saturday two weeks after we moved and though my parents said it was a short drive, he said it was really far, past the science museum and the high school and the soccer field.  

We walked through the vast backyard behind my new house and into the woods and then after what felt like hours we emerged into another vast backyard and there, what we could only have imagined in our wildest dreams, was a full size trampoline.

Our excitement quickly turned to fear.  It was silent behind the massive brick house.  The backyard stretched on infinitely with no other houses visible in any direction, no people, no animals, just the motionless, black trampoline alone in the middle of the still field of light green, short cut grass.

We hid behind a tree at the edge of the woods and watched the trampoline.  There were no lights on in the house.  We decided there must be no one home and my friend took the first steps out of the woods.

The hours passed as we bounced and bounced.  We performed flips and back tucks and aerials.  We jumped from the edge and rolled into the grass like we were being thrown from an exploding airplane.  When we got tired we lay on our backs, looking at the sky, our weight shifting the taught surface of the trampoline up and down by millimeters.

We froze when we heard a low, indistinct but clearly human voice coming from the direction of the house.  A woman approached, as she got closer, we made eye contact, and there was a moment we could have just taken off running, but we were still frozen.

When she was standing above us we saw she was smiling.  She said, “I’m glad someone is getting some use from this old thing.  Don’t be scared, I just wanted to say hello.”

She asked if we lived in the neighborhood and I kind of stammered that, Yes, I had just moved there.  She said, “Welcome to the neighborhood,” and left us alone.  We watched until she was back in the house and then found our way back to my house.

The next weekend I went by myself to the trampoline.  I was doing back tucks, trying to make myself into a smaller and smaller ball each time.  Suddenly the woman was there.  She said, “Hi,” and I froze mid jump and almost fell off the trampoline.

She said, “Why aren’t you in Church?”  It was Sunday morning.  I said, “We don’t go to Church,” and she said, “Me neither.” 

I stopped jumping and I asked her, “Do you believe in Hell?”  She laughed and said, “No, not really.”  I had never talked to an adult about my made up afterlife.

I told her about my version of hell, based on what my friend had told me and my own idea that there would be no time and I wouldn’t have to fall asleep.  She said, “That sounds nice,” and “What else happens in hell?”

I don’t know how long it was, a week, a month, maybe a year, when I was in the car with my mom and she told me, “Mrs. Augustine told me about your ideas about the afterlife, she said it was very interesting.  She said I should ask you about it.”  

I turned bright red and I couldn’t speak.  I told my mom I had just been joking.  She didn’t seem to believe me.

Part 3

.. the friend?
... need hot dogs
Do you remember my Christian lover?
In high school I dated a Christian.
Christian girl is vegetarian?  Parents are vegetarian?  Is this about parenting??
We had sex three times every day for two months, we never used a condom and she never got pregnant.

My mother used to tell me that her father was religious, he went to church every Sunday and though he never really bothered her about it, occasionally he would say it wouldn't surprise him if she found a use for religion as she got older, basically that as insistent as she was of the non-existence of God, that life has a funny way of changing people's minds, or whatever.

..

I had my first romantic relationship when I was sixteen.  The woman was a Christian and a vegetarian.  A double whammy.  I told her about my love of hot dogs early on.  I mean, I asked her about being a vegetarian and I thought that would be funny.  She didn't think so.  For my birthday she gave me a comic book about this like butterfly finding Jesus or something.  I realized she didn't know my family were atheists.  I decided not to say anything about it.  After we had been dating for a while, her family invited me to go to church with them.  I had met her parents at that point.  They were like the okay kind of religious people.  They were quiet and humble.  I had had dinner with them a few times.  They seemed like vessels of God or something.  They were bone thin, their clothes hung off of them.  Her father had a goatee and most of his face seemed hidden behind large glasses.  Her mother was beautiful like a painting, like not a sexual kind of beauty, like a kind of beauty that felt as objective as it could be, if that makes sense.  They didn't laugh much, they didn't talk much, and the things they said were sort of simple, unassailable.  It was very unlike my family's dinners, which I did not invite my girlfriend to.  At her family's dinner you heard every fork tine scratching every place while we tried to curl whole wheat spaghetti with Parmesan shaky cheese.  



///
What the point might be....
afterlife, daily ritual, eating, sleeping, absence of belief 
afterlife -> Augustine reveal is about secret life, trust authority
hot dog -> afterlife, about life being disappointing, silly, stupid, alienating, confusing, pointless
they're also both about "sex"
the thinking: religion is a thing/narrative created to construct or validate the illusion that human life has purpose.... religion applies rules to eating, don't eat meet, fast etc.  no real rules about sleeping or other basics about daily life tho.  these daily rituals/habits remind of us of how we're basically animals and how ridiculous some of our high minded shit is.  