11.10.2017
https://www.quora.com/Is-it-true-that-you-shit-yourself-when-you-die

When I was younger I believed in an after life.  I believed in a way that real life was the after life and the life that we experience as real was a temporary state, like a trip to the beach or something.  Do you want to get hotdogs?  I haven't had a hotdog in ages.  When I was in fourth grade I think I had a hotdog every single day for lunch and then on the last day of fourth grade I remember my parents picked me up from school together to take me out as a reward for passing fourth grade and my mother asked if I wanted to get a hotdog because I had told her that was my favorite food and I said, "I will never eat another hotdog again," but I actually have eaten a hotdog since then but probably like less than 5 hotdogs from the end of the fourth grade until now.

Anyway, my parents were avowed atheists and in a way my belief in the afterlife was like my secret, my own little secret that I tended to secretly in my own mind.  We of course didn't go to church but my best friend went to church and he had a children's bible and there were illustrations that I loved.  He told me that sinners go to hell and everyone else goes to heaven.  I had this sense even back then that everyone was a sinner in the way that the church would describe it and so I thought that didn't make much sense.  I didn't think there were two places in the afterlife I thought there was one big place that wasn't really a place at all.  And there was no time so there was no way to separate people from place anyway.  And since there was no time you wouldn't get tired or hungry.  I could never sleep when I was younger I watched moon out of my window during the summer months and during the winter months I just watched the stars.

It's weird eating a hotdog it happens so fast it's almost like it didn't happen at all.  Like I don't even remember what it tasted like.  I don't feel physically different at all like I'm not less hungry I'm not more like energized or anything.  That's a big part of why the afterlife is appealing, like, I mean, maybe they're eating hotdogs all the time, but I would guess they're not.  If time isn't moving than you wouldn't like get hungry.  And you wouldn't eat a hotdog and then forget it like two seconds later.  It never made sense to me that people always made it so hard for you to get to the afterlife.  I mean, I agree with my parents in the sense that death isn't an event that should be ritualized, but my issue with it is more the death industry, like you have to buy all this crap just to be dead.  And besides the material aspect of it there's like a crazy metaphysical cost, you have to absolve yourself of sin, which, I mean, I would guess that for pretty much everyone that's like virtually impossible.

...
It's weird eating a hotdog it happens so fast it's almost like it didn't happen at all.  I don't even remember what it tasted like.  I don't feel like less hungry or anything.

I think that's why the idea of the afterlife was so appealing, like I guess it's possible that people are eating hotdogs all the time there, but I would guess they're probably not.  You know there's probably no time so you wouldn't ever get hungry.

Anyway, my parents were like avowed atheists so my afterlife belief was this like secret like my own secret I tended to secretly in my imagination.

My friend went to church with his family and he told me about heaven and hell and showed me the pictures in his children's bible.  He told me that basically everyone was a sinner and that made sense to me.  

But you would never have to eat or sleep or anything because there was no time.  I could never sleep when I was younger I just would watch the moon from my window during the summer months and during the winter months I would just watch the stars and black sky.
...


 

There's definitely no pooping in the afterlife.  Really it's the before life and the after life or like the super life.  I poop all the time like I spend a lot of time pooping.  



My family had moved the year before I entered the fourth grade, to the suburbs twenty minutes away from the house where I had grown up, where my best friend had lived next door, on the other side of a brick wall, and had been there when my parents told me we were going to move.  We both cried.  There was a kid who lived across the screet that we didn't like and he told me that in the neighborhood where we were going to live they didn't have an Arby's restaurant and I informed him that there was a different restaurant called Frank's that my parents said was even better than Arby's and it wasn't fast food.  My best friend came to visit on a Sunday the week after we moved and though my parents said it was a short drive he said it was really far, past the science museum and the high school and the soccer field.  We walked through the vast backyard behind my new house and into the woods and then after what felt like hours we emerged into another vast backyard and there, what we could only have dreamed to find in our most hopeful dreams, was a full size trampoline.  Our excitement turned to fear when we noticed how silent it was behind the massive brick house whose backyard stretched on infinitely with no other houses visible in any direction, no people, no animals, just the motionless, black trampoline alone in the middle of a field of light green, short cut grass.  We hid behind a tree at the edge of the woods watched the trampoline.  There were no lights on in the house.  We decided there must be no one home and my best friend took the first steps out of the woods and towards the trampoline.  The hours passed as we bounced and bounced.  We performed flips and back tucks and aerials.  We jumped from the edge and rolled into the grass like we were being thrown from an exploding airplane.  When we got tired we lay on our backs, our weight shifting the taught surface of the trampoline up and down by millimeters, looking at the sky.  We both froze when we heard a low, indistinct but clearly human voice coming from the direction of the house.

